# **CON-04 | Third-Party Dependencies**

| **카테고리** | **심각도** | **위치** | **상태** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| **Volatile-code** | **사소한** | **OperatorManagerV1_1.sol#L23-L23: L23-L23DepositManagerV1_1.sol#L174-L200: L174-L200** | **Pending** |

### **Description**

The contract is serving as the underlying entity to interact with third-party or out of scope contracts, such as `IL1Bridge`, `IRollupConfig`, etc.. The scope of the audit treats third-party and out of scope entities as black boxes and assumes their functional correctness. However, in the real world, third parties can be compromised and this may lead to lost or stolen assets.

### **Recommendation**

We recommend that the project team constantly monitor the functionality of third-party and out of scope dependencies to mitigate any side effects that may occur when unexpected changes are introduced.

---

## Feedback

Branch: CON-04

- Add [the description about ](https://github.com/tokamak-network/ton-staking-v2/blob/CON-04/docs/en/ton-staking-v2.md#third-party-dependencies)[**Third-Party Dependencies**](https://github.com/tokamak-network/ton-staking-v2/blob/CON-04/docs/en/ton-staking-v2.md#third-party-dependencies)
- [commits](https://github.com/tokamak-network/ton-staking-v2/commits/CON-04/) 

### When registering RollupConfig, code verification of the Third-Party L1 contract is performed.

When registering L2 RollupConfig information (L1BridgeRegistryV1_1.registerRollupConfig), Third-Party contract information is stored in the L2 RollupConfig contract.

 This registration function can only be executed by the registrant.

The registrant will go through the verification process below to register the L2 RollupConfig contract.

- Code hash of the proxy of the Third-Party  L1 contracts,
- Code hash of the logic of the Third-Party  L1 contracts,
- Code hash of the proxy and logic of ProxyAdmin (of Third-Party  L1 contracts),
- Code hash of the proxy and logic of the safe wallet contract which is ProxyAdmin’s owner.
- And, verification of the accounts with the authority of the safe wallet contract . (These accounts will consist of DAO, Foundation, and L2 operator.) 

 This registration will be done according to the user's choice when deploying L2 (e.g. Thanos stack) on Tokamak Rollup Hub, and then distribution will be done after L2 verification of TRH (Tokamak Rollup Hub).


### The user's effort to verify L2 is required before using the 'Withdrawal and Deposit (L2)' function 

When withdrawing staking and trying to deposit to a third-party service (DepositManager.withdrawAndDepositL2 function), the user is required to make efforts to review the safety of the third-party service.
The user must move to the third-party service and take responsibility for any damages incurred from the third-party service. Therefore, the user must use the function after verifying and confirming the third-party service.

The reason why this function is provided despite such efforts is because the 'withdrawal and deposit (to L2)' function is a very attractive function for L2 users.

The withdrawal service requires a withdrawal waiting time of about 2 weeks after the withdrawal request. However, the function of depositing to the corresponding L2 at the same time as the withdrawal through the DepositManager.withdrawAndDepositL2 function is a very beneficial function for L2 users because it deposits to L2 at the same time as the withdrawal without a withdrawal waiting time.
Therefore, if the effort to confirm the user's L2 is involved, this function will be very convenient and beneficial to the user.

 

Merge branch 'CON-04' into v2.5-audit-certik

[https://github.com/tokamak-network/ton-staking-v2/commit/83cab9f1ce02f5eacfceaa9b7e74ba99b1f2addc](https://github.com/tokamak-network/ton-staking-v2/commit/83cab9f1ce02f5eacfceaa9b7e74ba99b1f2addc)